feat: add copilot instructions for Azure Landing Zones ecosystem (#4103)
Azure/Azure-Landing-Zones: .github/copilot-instructions.md

Reviewer: We also need to think about firewall rules for Copilot. You can set this using `COPILOT_AGENT_FIREWALL_ALLOW_LIST_ADDITIONS` environment var, or using the repo settings UI. This is comma seperated.

Author: Have added these as a starting point. GitHub via its default loaded MCP server should be allowed already which will be a lot of the traffic

<img width="369" height="228" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c7be0738-9610-4ce2-bd87-d0074fb21b71" />

| `Topic: Management Groups` | MG hierarchy, structure, archetype mappings |
| `Topic: Networking (general)` | Networking agnostic to topology |
| `Topic: Networking (H&S)` | Hub & spoke topology specific |
| `Topic: Networking (VWAN)` | Virtual WAN topology specific |
| `Topic: MDFC` | Microsoft Defender for Cloud |
| `Topic: Logging & Automation` | Log Analytics, Automation accounts |
| `Topic: Diagnostic Settings` | Diagnostic settings configuration |
| `Topic: Sovereign` | Microsoft Sovereign Cloud |
| `Topic: Non-Resource Specific` | Cross-cutting (tags, location, etc.) |

**Status labels** (workflow state):
- `Needs: Triage` — New issue, not yet classified
- `Needs: Attention` — Requires maintainer action
- `Needs: Author Feedback` — Waiting on issue author
- `Needs: More Evidence` — Needs reproduction or data
- `Needs: External Changes` — Requires changes outside this repo
- `Needs: Upstream Policy Changes` — Built-in policy update needed from Azure product team
- `Status: Blocked` — Blocked by external dependency
- `Status: Long Term` — Planned but lower priority
- `Status: No Recent Activity` — Auto-close candidate
- `Status: Help Wanted` — Open for community contribution

> - `Status: External Contribution` — Being worked on by non-core contributor

Author: @copilot can you fix this in a comment suggestion

> **Scope guidance for agents**: If you are editing documentation content in this repo, skip to the **"This Repo — Documentation Conventions"** section for the rules you need. The ecosystem architecture, deployment flow, and issue triage sections below are background context — use them when triaging issues, answering cross-repo questions, or navigating the polyrepo dependency chain.

## Ecosystem Overview

Azure Landing Zones is a multi-repo platform-engineering framework that deploys enterprise-scale Azure governance, networking, and management infrastructure. It supports four deployment paths:

1. **Terraform (AVM)** — Current recommended IaC path using AVM pattern modules and underlying resource modules
2. **Bicep (AVM)** — Current recommended IaC path using Bicep public registry AVM modules
3. **Azure Portal** — No-code deployment via custom portal experience in Enterprise-Scale repo
4. **Terraform (Classic)** / **Bicep (Classic)** — Legacy paths in maintenance mode

> The **ALZ-PowerShell-Module** (`Deploy-Accelerator` cmdlet) is the **recommended entry point** for IaC deployments, but not exclusive — customers can consume the AVM modules directly from the Terraform Registry or Bicep public registry without the accelerator orchestration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The **ALZ-PowerShell-Module** (`Deploy-Accelerator` cmdlet), which uses the **Accelerator Bootstrap Modules**, is the **recommended entry point** for IaC deployments.

However, it is not the only option—customers can also consume the AVM modules directly from the Terraform Registry or the Bicep public registry without using the accelerator orchestration.
```

> The product labels in this repo include emoji suffixes (for example, `Product: Accelerator :zap:` and `Product: Azure Policy :shield:`), so do not use shortened names without the emoji.

| Product label family *(use exact label from `utl/github-labels/alz-labels.csv`)* | Maps To |
|-------|--------|
| Accelerator | `accelerator-bootstrap-modules`, `alz-terraform-accelerator`, `alz-bicep-accelerator` |
| ALZ PowerShell | `ALZ-PowerShell-Module` |
| ALZ Provider (Terraform) | `terraform-provider-alz` |
| Azure Policy | `Enterprise-Scale` (policy authoring) → `Azure-Landing-Zones-Library` |
| Bicep (AVM) | `alz-bicep-accelerator` |
| Bicep (Classic) | `ALZ-Bicep` |
| Library | `Azure-Landing-Zones-Library` |
| Portal | `Enterprise-Scale` (portal deployment experience) |
| Sub/LZ Vending (Bicep) | Bicep subscription vending module |
| Sub/LZ Vending (TF) | Terraform subscription vending module |
| Terraform (AVM) | `terraform-azurerm-avm-ptn-alz`, connectivity modules |
| Terraform (Classic) | `terraform-azurerm-caf-enterprise-scale` |
| AMBA | Azure Monitor Baseline Alerts (`platform/amba/` in Library) |

> | SLZ variant | Sovereign Landing Zone (`platform/slz/` in Library) |

Author: @copilot Just remove them from the table for now

1. **Terraform (AVM)** — Current recommended IaC path using AVM pattern modules and underlying resource modules
2. **Bicep (AVM)** — Current recommended IaC path using Bicep public registry AVM modules
3. **Azure Portal** — No-code deployment via custom portal experience in Enterprise-Scale repo
4. **Terraform (Classic)** / **Bicep (Classic)** — Legacy paths in maintenance mode

The **ALZ-PowerShell-Module** (`Deploy-Accelerator` cmdlet), which uses the **Accelerator Bootstrap Modules**, is the **recommended entry point** for IaC deployments.

However, it is not the only option—customers can also consume the AVM modules directly from the Terraform Registry or the Bicep public registry without using the accelerator orchestration.

Both Terraform and Bicep AVM accelerators compose **Azure Verified Modules (AVM)** — reusable, tested resource and pattern modules from the public registries — rather than implementing Azure resources from scratch.

## Polyrepo Architecture

The ecosystem is layered. Understanding the dependency chain is essential for navigating issues, making changes, and knowing where code lives.

> ```

Reviewer: Do we think this is valuable in copilot instructions? Is there a more token efficient way to store? E.g. mermaid?
